---
layout: post
title: "Frequently Asked Questions"
date: 2022-02-16 15:42 -0300
badge: docs
math: true
categories: [Documentation, General]
pin: true
---

## Windows is asking me to install .NET 8, what do I do?
HunterPie requires **.NET 8.0 Desktop Runtime** to run properly, you can download it from Microsoft's official site by clicking [here](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/thank-you/runtime-desktop-8.0.21-windows-x64-installer).

## My antivirus is blocking/deleting HunterPie

It's just a false positive, HunterPie works by accessing other programs running on your computer (in this case, the game), some viruses also work in a similar way, hence this behavior can be flagged "suspicious".

## My overlay is not appearing on top of the game

This is a known issue in Monster Hunter World when running the game with DirectX 11, either:

- Enable DirectX 12 API under your game's graphics settings

*OR*

- Run the game in borderless windowed mode.

Also, make sure your overlay and whichever widgets you want to see are actually enabled for that game.

## Moving and Scaling Widgets

To move a widget you can either use Design Mode (togglable by pressing the default hotkey: ScrollLock) or set the absolute coordinations in HunterPie's settings.
To scale a widget, you can go to HunterPie's settings for that widget and use the Scale slider.

> For more information about widgets, check the [Overlay](/posts/overlay) and [Widgets](/posts/widgets) documentations.
{: .prompt-note}

## Why aren't my settings saving?

Make sure your HunterPie's folder is **not** in read only mode, if that doesn't work, try moving your HunterPie folder to somewhere else.

If that is not your issue, make **sure** you're changing the settings of the correct game, HunterPie supports multiple games and by default it will enter the settings window with Monster Hunter Rise as the default game.

## My auto update is getting stuck

Same as the previous issue, make sure your folder is **not** in read only mode, also try moving its folder somewhere else.

## My overlay seems delayed

If you have HunterPie running with Hardware as its rendering strategy and you have Windows's GPU scheduling enabled, it will cause HunterPie to freeze every now and then, that is because that's what GPU scheduling does. It pauses the rendering of other applications to give the game more GPU time.