---
layout: post
title: "Widgets"
date: 2022-02-14 19:03 -0300
badge: docs
categories: [Documentation, Overlay, Widgets]
---

Widgets are part of HunterPie's core, they're the components that hold the widget's content to display their data to the user.

## Toggling Widgets

HunterPie allows you to toggle Widgets in two different ways:

- If don't want to see the widget, you can disable the *Show Widget* option. This will hide the Widget but the Widget will still be created everytime you open the game.
- If you don't care about a certain widget at all, it is recommended to turn the *Initialize Widget* option off. This will make it so that Widget won't be created at all.

## Adjusting positions and scales

It is possible to change the Widget's position, scale and opacity.

- Position: You can change the values of the **X** and **Y** coordinates for the widgets, note that since it uses absolute position, if you set them to something out of boundaries, the widget will also be out of boundaries and will not be visible anymore.
- Opacity: This option controls the transparency of the whole widget, the values range from 0 to 1 where 0 is 0% visible and 1 is 100% visible.
- Scale: This controls the vertical and horizontal scale of the Widget, the values range from 0.1 to 2 where 0.1 is 10% of the original size and 2 is 200% of the original size.

> Although it is possible to change the position and scale directly from the settings tab, it is **recommended** to do that in the [design mode](/posts/overlay/#design-mode).
{:.prompt-note}

## Dynamic Behaviors

HunterPie provides a way where the Widgets will hide themselves whenever the game's HUD is visible. This setting is independent for each widget, so you will have to enable them individually for each widget you want to become invisible whenever the HUD is open.